Create tutorial for Model Registry (#1307)
VertaAI/modeldb: client/verta/docs/tutorials/packaging/version_from_artifacts.rst

Creating model versions from artifacts
======================================

Once `a registered model has been created <create_registered_model.html>`_, we can add new versions to it. With model versions, we can store necessary information for deployment, such as artifacts, model, requirements, etc.

This tutorial will explain how we can create a version from artifacts, using the client and CLI.

Using the client
----------------

Suppose we have just trained the following LogisticRegression classifier from scikit-learn:

.. code-block:: python

    classifier = LogisticRegression()
    classifier.fit(X_train, y_train)

We can create a new version for the registered model, and upload the classifier, along with the requirements (scikit-learn), as follows:

.. code-block:: python

>     model_version = registered_model.create_version(
>         name="my version",
>         labels=["prototype"]
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    model_version = registered_model.create_version(
        name="my version",
        labels=["prototype"],
    )
```

    # Logging the classifier and requirements:
    model_version.log_model(classifier)

    reqs = Python.read_pip_file(requirements_path)
    model_version.log_environment(Python(requirements=reqs))

>     model_version.log_environments(Python(requirements=["sklearn"]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    model_version.log_environments(Python(requirements=["scikit-learn"]))
```

>     model_version.log_environments(Python(requirements=["scikit-learn"]))

Reviewer 2: Is this allowed? What happens in such case? Don't we have to enable overwrite?

Reviewer: Oh, this should _not_ be allowed. And `log_environment()` doesn't have an `overwrite`

>     reqs = Python.read_pip_file(requirements_path)
>     model_version.log_environment(Python(requirements=reqs))
>     model_version.log_environments(Python(requirements=["scikit-learn"]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    model_version.log_environment(Python(requirements=["scikit-learn"]))
```

Using the CLI
-------------

We can also accomplish the steps above using Verta's command-line interface.

> First, we need to serialize our classifier. The recommended way to do so is to use the pickle module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to serialize our classifier, for example via ``pickle``:
```

.. code-block:: python

    with open(classifier_path, "wb") as f:
        pickle.dump(classifier, f)

Then, we can create the model version and upload the information (model, requirements, etc.) as follows:

.. code-block:: sh

    verta registry create registeredmodelversion "<model name>" "<version name>" \
        --label prototype \
        --model "<classifier path>" \

>         --requirements "<requirements path>"

Reviewer 2: Do we save the serialization format anywhere? I know this is required for deployment.

Reviewer: @conradoverta The Client currently handles this by attempting to **de**serialize the model (trying Keras, then cloudpickle) and recording that as the serialization method for deployment

>     verta registry create registeredmodelversion <model name> <version name> \
>     --label prototype \
>     --model <classifier path> \
>     --requirements <requirements path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    verta registry create registeredmodelversion "<model name>" "<version name>" \
        --label prototype \
        --model "<classifier path>" \
        --requirements "<requirements path>"
```
